docs: simple index + add docs on test / docker (#8181)
openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-server: docs/dev/how-to-write-and-run-tests.md

- [Test::More module doc](https://perldoc.perl.org/Test::More)

## Helpers

We have some helpers for tests.

See mainly:
* [Test.pm](https://openfoodfacts.github.io/openfoodfacts-server/dev/ref-perl-pod/ProductOpener/Test.html) (notably `init_expected_results` and `compare_to_expected_results`)
* [TestAPI.pm](https://openfoodfacts.github.io/openfoodfacts-server/dev/ref-perl-pod/ProductOpener/APITest.html)

and other modules with Test in their name !

## Unit and Integration tests

Unit tests are located in `tests/unit/`.

Integration tests are in `tests/integration/`.

Most integration tests issue queries to an open food facts

## Integration with docker-compose

Using Makefile targets, tests are run 
* with a specific `COMPOSE_PROJECT_NAME° to avoid crashing your development data while running tests (as the project name [changes container, network and volumes names](https://docs.docker.com/compose/environment-variables/envvars/#compose_project_name))
* with a specific expose port for Mongodb, to avoid clashes with dev instance.

## Writing tests

You can read other tests to understand how we write them (inspire yourself at recently created tests).

> On effective way is to crate a list of test each represented by a hashmap with inputs and expected outputs and run them in a loop. Add an `id` and/or a `desc` (description) and use it as last argument to check functions (like `ok`, `is`, …) to easily see tests running and identify failing tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One effective way is to create a list of tests each represented by a hashmap with inputs and expected outputs and run them in a loop. Add an `id` and/or a `desc` (description) and use it as last argument to check functions (like `ok`, `is`, …) to easily see tests running and identify failing tests.
```
